Update Blocks feature flags and experimental interfaces docs (#66487)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/docs/internal-developers/blocks/feature-flags-and-experimental-interfaces.md

| `rest-api-v4` | Disabled in both development and core build configurations. | Exposed through [`isExperimentalWcRestApiV4Enabled()`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/assets/js/settings/blocks/feature-flags.ts). It switches product entities from `/wc/v3/products` to `/wc/v4/products`, registers the settings entity, and enables the v4 product-data paths used by Product Price and Product Button in the editor. |

### Runtime feature flags

These flags are experimental, disabled by default, and registered in [`FeaturesController`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/Internal/Features/FeaturesController.php).

| Flag | Current Blocks usage |
| --- | --- |
| `cart_save_for_later` | Registers the `woocommerce/saved-for-later` block through [`BlockTypesController`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/Blocks/BlockTypesController.php), enables the related shopper-list APIs, and exposes the Save for later action in Cart when the block is present. |

> | `product_wishlist` | Registers the `woocommerce/wishlist` and `woocommerce/add-to-wishlist-button` blocks through [`BlockTypesController`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/Blocks/BlockTypesController.php) and enables the related shopper-list APIs and My Account endpoint. |

Reviewer: I don't think mentioning the `BlockTypesController` adds any value here:

```suggestion
| `product_wishlist` | Registers the `woocommerce/wishlist` and `woocommerce/add-to-wishlist-button` blocks and enables the related shopper-list APIs and My Account endpoint. |
```

> | `wc-visual-attribute` | Enables the experimental `wc-visual` product attribute type for block themes. Add to Cart + Options reads the resulting attribute data to display visual variation choices. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `wc-visual-attribute` | Enables the experimental `wc-visual` product attribute type for block themes. The Product Filters and Add to Cart + Options blocks read the resulting attribute data to display visual variation choices. |
```

### Store events

[`useStoreEvents`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/assets/js/base/context/hooks/use-store-events.ts) emits actions through `@wordpress/hooks`. Store events use the `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-` prefix.

| Action | Parameters |
| --- | --- |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-cart-add-item` | `product` |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-cart-view-link` | `product` |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-cart-remove-item` | `product`, `quantity` |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-cart-set-item-quantity` | `product`, `quantity` |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-product-view-link` | `product` |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-product-list-render` | `products`, `listName` |
| `experimental__woocommerce_blocks-product-search` | `event`, `searchTerm` |

> The Product Search block emits its action directly in [`ProductSearch`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/Blocks/BlockTypes/ProductSearch.php). Classic product grids also emit `product-list-render` from [`AbstractProductGrid`](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/Blocks/BlockTypes/AbstractProductGrid.php).

Reviewer: The Product Search block was replaced with the variation of the GB's Search block some years ago. Given that I expect there aren't many stores using the old block, I would skip mentioning it.

Same for the classic product grids, do we need to mention them? 🤔

Author: Good point. I fixed it with 9a4b00382bfab6b3669375c45784d9b4b2922e40
